# manuals
git-alias(1)                  git-alias
git-archive-file(1)           git-archive-file
git-back(1)                   git-back
git-bug(1)                    git-bug
git-changelog(1)              git-changelog
git-commits-since(1)          git-commits-since
git-contrib(1)                git-contrib
git-count(1)                  git-count
git-create-branch(1)          git-create-branch
git-delete-branch(1)          git-delete-branch
git-delete-merged-branches(1) git-delete-merged-branches
git-delete-submodule(1)       git-delete-submodule
git-delete-tag(1)             git-delete-tag
git-effort(1)                 git-effort
git-extras(1)                 git-extras
git-feature(1)                git-feature
git-fresh-branch(1)           git-fresh-branch
git-gh-pages(1)               git-gh-pages
git-graft(1)                  git-graft
git-ignore(1)                 git-ignore
git-info(1)                   git-info
git-local-commits(1)          git-local-commits
git-refactor(1)               git-refactor
git-release(1)                git-release
git-rename-tag(1)             git-rename-tag
git-repl(1)                   git-repl
git-setup(1)                  git-setup
git-show-tree(1)              git-show-tree
git-squash-all(1)             git-squash-all
git-squash(1)                 git-squash
git-summary(1)                git-summary
git-touch(1)                  git-touch
git-undo(1)                   git-undo
